Despite dramatic increases in prevalence and severity in the last decades, the burden of asthma and other allergic diseases is often underestimated. Allergic diseases are the most common human disorders in developed countries, affecting up to 50% of some populations (1, 2). In 2019, asthma affected 262 million people and caused 455,000 deaths (1). Despite improvements in clinical diagnosis and management, allergic diseases exert significant direct and indirect societal costs (3). Asthma incidence is higher in women than men and in older adults than younger adults (4, 5). Chronic asthma is more common in older adults and is associated with higher prevalence, morbidity, and mortality than asthma in younger individuals (6). Asthma also is associated with comorbid conditions in other systems, such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and obesity. Recent reports show that the prevalence of cognitive impairment in patients with asthma is 16.3%, and individuals with asthma have 47% increased risk of cognitive impairment compared to those without asthma (7). Thus, more comprehensive understanding of the underlying mechanisms in different populations, especially older adults, is critical to mitigate the significant public health burden of allergic diseases. 
Development and exacerbation of asthma are associated with exposure to microbes, allergens, and air pollutants as well as individual factors, including diet, lifestyle, socioeconomic status, and psychosocial stress (8, 9). Exposures to endogenous and exogenous estrogens modulate the immune system and contribute to asthma development. In particular, exposure to environmental estrogens (EEs) is associated with asthma development (10-12), especially in older adults (13-15). We used a mouse model to identify the effects of EE exposure in different life stages (early life, adult, older adult) using the estrogen-like ubiquitous plasticizer bisphenol A (BPA) and its substitute bisphenol S (BPS) (16-20). Our findings show that BPA exposure modifies immune responses by altering the bromodomain-containing protein 4 (BRD4)–zinc finger HHC1 (ZDHHC1) axis (16, 21, 22). BPA exposure enhances BRD4 activity in a chronic asthma mouse model, causing allergen-induced airway remodeling (23). Because altered BRD4 expression and activity may cause more prevalent and severe asthma (16, 20), modifying this axis may represent an innovative and effective strategy to prevent/treat asthma and other allergy-related conditions. In addition, our team found that environmental exposures also can induce mitochondria DNA (mtDNA)-specific damage linked to inflammatory lung disease (24), suggesting mtDNA damage may have a role in the development of chronic asthma.
